chore(geo): add geofence management ui docs (#3911)
aws-amplify/docs: src/fragments/lib/geo/js/geofences.mdx

## Provisioning geofence resources

## Manage Geofences in Your Application

First, make sure you've provisioned a geofence collection resource and configured your app using the instructions in either [Amplify CLI - Geo - Geofence Collection](/cli/geo/geofences) or [Use existing Amazon Location Service resources](/lib/geo/existing-resources) and you have already setup [displaying a map](/lib/geo/maps) in your application.

To add a geofence management component to your map, you can use the [amplify-geofence-control](https://github.com/aws-amplify/maplibre-gl-js-amplify/) found in the `https://github.com/aws-amplify/maplibre-gl-js-amplify/` library.

Install the necessary dependencies with the following command:

```bash
npm install -S maplibre-gl@1 maplibre-gl-js-amplify
```

> **Note:** Make sure that `maplibre-gl-js-amplify` version `1.2.0` or above is installed.

First, create a map onto which you want to add the geofence management component. See the guide on [creating and displaying maps](https://docs.amplify.aws/lib/geo/maps/q/platform/js/).

> Then, use `AmplifyGeofenceControl` to get a new instance of the control and add it to your MapLibre map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, import `AmplifyGeofenceControl` from "maplibre-gl-js-amplify", create a new instance of this control and add it to your MapLibre map instance.

Your app should look like the following
```

> **Note:** Ensure that your package bundler (webpack, rollup, etc) is configured to handle css files. Check out the webpack documentation [here](https://webpack.js.org/loaders/css-loader/).

```javascript
import { createMap, AmplifyGeofenceControl } from "maplibre-gl-js-amplify";
import maplibregl from "maplibre-gl";
import "maplibre-gl/dist/maplibre-gl.css";

async function initializeMap() {
    const el = document.createElement("div");
    el.setAttribute("id", "map");
    document.body.appendChild(el);

    const map = await createMap({
        container: "map",
        center: [-123.1187, 49.2819], // [Longitude, Latitude]
        zoom: 11,
    })

    const control = new AmplifyGeofenceControl({})
    map.addControl(control);
}

initializeMap();
```

> ![A Geofences Management Application](/images/geofence-management-app.png)

Reviewer: We should clean up this image to show only 2 or 3 geofences with proper names. Also would be good to show both circular and polygon geofences and editing/deleting workflow.

Author: The only configuration option for now would be to change the `geofenceCollectionId`, will document that in the API.md.

Will update the example to have one screenshot showing the edit workflow with a circle and one screenshot with the delete workflow for a polygon
